depending upon the type of people that you're leading, you're gonna have
to obviously have different leadership styles. Some you might have
to be a little more intrusive on and provide a lot more detail may
be a little more handholding than you'd like to do until they kind
of catch on and understand what it is you want. Ah, then there's gonna
be other folks that you just have to tell him one type of thing and
they're often running and they're going to get it all done and come
back to you with a product. And, you know, it's exactly what you're
looking for. So you have to kind of understand those different types
of people and work towards that in your leadership style to address
those those concerns. Main goal is to trying to always improve people
ah, where they're at and making sure that you're using the right
leadership style for the right person. Um, don't be too micromanagement.
I might have to start that off in the beginning with a certain
person, but then eventually allow that you let the leash out, let
them get that responsibility and build up their self esteem and their
ability to take charge and continue to work for you do great things